Mary Barra, CEO (GM)
 "Advanced robotics systems trained on decades of GM production data, such as quality metrics." Analytics on assembly telemetry for cycle-by-cycle defect learning in plants.
GM announces eyes-off driving, conversational AI, and unified software platform

Gerd Walker, Board Member for Production & Logistics Audi (Volkswagen Group)
"With the ultrasound method, they checked around 5,000 spot welds per vehicle. By applying AI, employees can now focus on possible anomalies. This new approach will enable them to control quality more efficiently... The data generated can be used to optimize other processes in the future. "Moving from random sampling to 100% per-vehicle inspection of critical structural welds using AI.
Roll-Out of Artificial Intelligence | Audi South Africa

Jörg Burzer, Board Member, Production & Quality, Mercedes-Benz
"All paint booths, dryers and around 250 robots are integrated into MO360... This means that all production data can be accessed and analysed... in real time... The 'Next Generation Paintshop' will cover all special and large-scale painting processes. "Creating a digital twin of the production process for every unit in the paint shop to track quality parameters.
“Next Generation Paintshop” | Mercedes-Benz Group > Innovations > Digitalisation > Industry 4.0


Kazuo Tadanobu, CEO, Panasonic Energy
"Use craftsmanship to maintain safety even while raising the performance... quality and safety of its batteries would speak for themselves [regarding 4680 production]."Applying digital "craftsmanship" (precision inspection) to ensure safety in mass-produced 4680 cells.
Tesla battery partner Panasonic shares insights on 4680 cell development

 BMW Manufacturing Leadership - Debrecen Plant
"The goal is to create a zero-defect philosophy IN OUR PRODUCTION PROCESSES, supported by data-driven analysis from a cloud data hub FOR MANUFACTURING DATA. This allows specialists to conduct UPSTREAM RESEARCH DURING PRODUCTION to identify the ORIGIN OF DEFECTS IN COMPONENTS, rather than merely detecting them downstream."
BMW's smart logistics strategy at Debrecen for next-gen vehicle manufacturing

